Hello
Hi
Hey
Hi there
Hello
Hello
Hi, How is it going?
Hi, How is it going?
Hi, How is it going?
Hi, How is it going?
Hi, How is it going?
Hi, How is it going?
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
Nice to meet you.
How do you do?
How do you do?
Hi, nice to meet you.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
Top of the morning to you!
Top of the morning to you!
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
Address of the lecture hall ?
Do you know the address of the lecture hall ?
Where is the lecture hall ?
Where is lecture hall situated ?
Can you tell me the address of the lecture hall ?
Where our classes are going to be held ?
Where we have to go for the classes ?
How will i find lecture hall ?
Where will we attend our classes ?
How to find lecture hall ?
How to find classes ?
Will we get any study material there ?
Where is the study material ?
Will we get any study material related to the course  ?
Is there any study material to read ?
Where will i get my study material ?
Will we get offline or online study material ?
Is there any reference for this course ?
We want some study material for this course , where will i get it ?
Is there any online study material available for this course ?
Where is the study material for this course ?
How will i clear my doubts ?
Will they organise any doubt clearing sessions ?
I have some doubts, where should i go ?
Where should i go to clear my doubts ?
Will our instructors solve our doubts ?
How to solve my doubts ?
If i will have any doubt how would i clear it ?
What to do if i have a doubt ?
Where to go to clear my doubts ?
I didn't understand some topics , how will i clear my concepts ?
What should i do to clear my concepts ?
What are the prerequisites for this course ?
What are the pre-qualifications for this course ?
Any pre-knowledge for this course ?
What are the qualifications we should have for this course ?
Any prior knowledge for this course ?
Prerequisites for this course ?
Any basic knowledge for this course ?
What qualifications should we have to start this course ?
Any pre knowledge required for this course ?
What is the pre knowledge required for this course ?
Where will i get components for IOT course ?
Any components required for IOT module ?
Will we have to buy some components for IOT session or we will get all components there ?
What are the components required for this course ?
What are the components we need for IOT module ?
How will we get components for this course ?
Where will we get IOT kit ?
Will we get any IOT kit there ?
Where would i get IOT components ?
Will we have to buy IOT components for this course ?
Do we have to bring our own laptop ?
Is there any requirement of  the laptop for the course ?
Is laptop is required for the course ?
Will laptop be required for the course ?
Is laptop required for this course ?
where is lecture hall ?
where lecture hall ?
lecture hall where ?
where can i find the lecture hall ?
how to find the lecture hall ?
where my lecture hall will be ?
how to reach lecture hall ?
location of lecture hall ?
find lecture hall ?
where to find lecture hall ?
Is it necessary to take accommodation and food ?
Is it compulsory to take both accommodation and food ?
Do we have to take accommodation and food ?
What about accommodation and food ?
What if i am not taking accommodation and food ?
Is it important to stay at hostel ?
I don't want to take accommodation and food ?
May i know the level of the course ?
level of the course ?
Is this course is for beginners ?
I'm a beginner so am i eligible for the course ?
Is this course also for beginners ?
I'm a beginner to the AI so still can i do this course ?
Where can i complain about a teacher ?
I want to complain about a teacher ?
I want to complain about an instructor ?
Where can i give feedback about a teacher ?
Complain of a teacher ?
I want to register a complain about a teacher ?
Where can i register complain of a teacher ?
Teacher is not teaching well, what should i do ?
Is there any feedback form available for the teachers ?
How to give feedback about a teacher ?
I haven't got my accommodation and food detail ?
How will i get the details about accommodation and food ?
I haven't got any information regarding accommodation and food ?
Where will i get my accommodation and food details ?
I have not got any mail regarding hostel and mess ?
I haven't got any mail regarding accommodation and food
Can you tell me about my accommodation and food facility ?
I want my food and accommodation details ?
Inform me about my food and accommodation details ?
Will i get single room or sharing ?
May i know my roommate 
I want single room 
Will we have to share the rooms ?
Will the pdf of the admit letter will be sufficient for the verification 
May i show photo of the admit letter for the verification 
What if i forget to bring my admit card ?
Where i have to show my admit letter ?
Why admit letter is important 
I haven't got my admit letter ?
Is it necessary to bring the admit letter in the class ?
What will you provide in our hostel room 
What will we get in our hostel room ?
What are the things that we will get in our hostel room
What are the things you will provide us in our rooms 
What if i forget to bring the admit card ?
Where will we get the login id and password ?
Is there any bus facility available ?
What is the requirement of the admit card ?
Why admit card is important ?
Is it necessary to bring the admit card ?
Will  we get the attendance through admit card 
I got an admit card
What should i do if i get an admit card 
I haven't got my admit card ?
admit card ?
I want to use IITK wifi how will i access it ?
Will i get any login id and password ?
Where is the login id and password ?
login id and password 
how to access the wifi
I'm unable to access the wifi
where is the wifi details 
I am not able to access to the wifi
Will i get wifi in my hostel room
What is the speed of the iit wifi
Is there any bus facility available for the localites ?
What about the bus facility 
Will i get the bus facility if i am a localite
Any bus service
bus service for the localites
may i use iit bus service for the transportation
What is the timing of the iit bus service
I want to use iit bus service
Will iit bus service be useful during the course ?
It's an emergency 
can you tell me the emergency number ?
Where should i contact in any emergency query
where should i contact in any emergency case
Where is the stationery shop in the campus ?
stationery shop
can you tell me about stationery shop
i don't know where is the stationery shop
let me know about the stationery shop 
where should i buy any stationery items 
where will i get any stationery items 
What about the certificate
will i get the course certificate or intern certificate
when will we get the certificates
when the certificates will be distributed ?
What is the value of the certificate of this course 
what is the use of this certificate 
Will we get the marks on the certificate
marks will also be shown on the certificates ?
Will we get the grades on the certificates ?
how important this certificate is 
Is bike is allowed in the hostel ?
is scooty is allowed in the hostel
is cycle is allowed in the hostel
will we rent a bicycle during the course 
can we take bicycle during the course 
can i use cycle during the course 
Will we get any job assurance after the course ?
Will be we guide after the course for the job
which type of projects will we get
can you tell me about the projects
which type of projects will we get
what will be the level of the projects
will projects based on ai or iot
will we get ai and iot projects separately
will we get ai and iot projects group wise
will we have to perform the projects individually or group wise
how the projects will be distributed
how many projects will we get 
how the group for the project work will be divided
how many students are there in the class
what is the number of the students in this course
total number of the students 
what will be the number of the students in the class
how many students will we get during the course 
how many hours will you teach in a day
how many sessions will be there in a day ?
what will be the timing of the classes ?
timing of the classes
schedule for the classes
what will be the schedule of the classes
time table of the course
how many periods will we have to study in a day
how many sessions will be given in a day 
Can we go to the library
will library be open for us 
will we get the access to the library
i want to go to the library
can we do our work in the library
distance between IIT and bus stand
distance between IIT and airport
what is the distance between IIT and bus stop
what is the distance between IIT and the nearest airport
how will i go IIT from the bus stand
how to reach to the avenue from bus stand
how to reach the venue from lucknow airport
bus stand to IIT
bus stand to the venue
how will i reach IIT from the bus stand
how will i reach IIT from railway station
distance between IIT and railway station
how will i i go IIT from railway station
railway station to IIT railway station to venue
address of the lecture hall
how will i reach lecture hall
where is the lecture hall
how to reach lecture hall
where will our classes going to be held
lecture hall
I haven't got any mail regarding registration
i am not getting the confirmation mail of registration
what to do if i haven't got any confirmation mail
i am facing problem in getting the confirmation mail
how to solve the problem of receiving the mail
i am not receiving the mail
help me i am not receiving any mail
i am not receiving any mail what should i do
what should i do in case i am not receiving any mail
is this course only for CS graduates
what is the duration of the course
what will be the timing for next summer course
what will be the attendance criteria
is it important to pass all the exams
what will be the weightage of the class or exams or quizzes
what are the pre preparation for this course
i am a localite can i eat food in the mess
i am a localite can i stay at hostel
how many teachers will be there
will we get only one teacher
will we get any mentors during the course
is this course only for cs students
is this course only for computer science students
i am not a cse student can i join this course
is a non cse student eligible for the course
can a non cs student join this course
is it only for computer science students ?
is there any branch compulsion for this course
i am not a student can i join this course
i am not doing b.tech can i join this course
what are the criteria to join this course
how many days will it take to complete the course
what is the time duration to complete this course
how many days this course will be conducted
when will this course held next time
when this course will be conducted next
how much attendance is compulsory 
how much attendance is compulsory to give the last exam
is there any attendance criteria for this course ?
is there any attendance compulsion for this course
how much attendance is required
how many exams will be there during the course
is it compulsory to pass all the exams
is it compulsory give all the tests
how many tests will be conducted during the course
i am not performing well in the exams what should i do
how will we evaluated during the course
what is the importance of the quizzes
what is the importance of the assignments
what is the importance of these exams
where to take help to complete the assignments
i am unable to complete the assignments what should i do 
i am not doing well in the assignments how will i get help
assignments help
who will help me in completing the assignments ?
i want help to complete all the assignments
will we get the answers of the assignments and the quizzes
i want answers of the assignments
i want solutions of the quizzes
where will i get all the solution and the answers of the assignments and the quizzes
where should i go to get the answers and the solutions  of the quizzes and the assignments ?
i am a localite so can i eat food in the canteen ?
i didn't take the accommodation so where can i take lunch
i want to eat the food
can i eat lunch in the mess
can i go to the canteens for the lunch
i want to take lunch where can i go
is there any provision of the lunch for the localites
what is the approximate price for the lunch
how much i have to pay for the lunch in the mess
if i haven't taken the accommodation so can i go to the hostel rooms
can i go to my friend's room in the hostel
can i stay at hostel although i haven't taken the accommodation 
can i go to the my friend's room in the lunch break
i am a localite so can i bring my vehicle to the venue
can i bring my bike 
can i bring my car to the campus
can i bring my vehicle with me to the lecture hall
can i take my bike with me to the lecture hall
how many teachers will we get there
is only one teacher will teach us everything ?
what about the mentors ?
how mentors will help us 
will IIT teachers teach us ?
will this course be taught by IIT faculties ?
will we get IIT faculties
what is the qualification of the teachers ?
Is any financial aid available for your course ?
Is any financial aid available for your course ?
Which areas are covered in the course ?
Which areas are covered in 15 days module?
Which areas are covered in 25 days module?
Which project we have to do?
Can we work on our idea?
Can we work on our idea?
Do you provide further assistance after this course?
How far the hostel from the lecture hall ?
How is the food facility in the hostels ?
How is the food facility in the hostels ?
Rooms in the hostels are single seated or double seated ?
Are there any volunteers for helping us?
What should i do if i am unable to access to the internet ?
Do you provide cooler in our rooms ?
Do hostels have any health service ?
What should i do if i'm not feeling well ?
What should i do if i'm not feeling well ?
Is there any extra charge for cooler ?
can I stay in room, if I am not feeling well?
Who should I call for instant medical checkup?
Is there any stationery shop inside the campus ?
can I go to library in free time?
can I go to library in free time?
What are mess timing?
Is there any penalty for a door lock?
Is there any penalty for a door lock?
Can we present our project anywhere , if we submitted a good project?
Do I need to inform warden, if I am staying in room?
Can I leave hostel anytime during emergency?
Is course material be available after course? 
Is there any prize for us, if we submit a good project?
Can I leave lecture , anytime, if I am not well?
Is there any prize for us, if we submit a good project?
Are there any provision for re-quiz?
Are there any provision for re-quiz?
will you provide the iot kit?
Do I need to pay for extra module?
During projects, can someone assist me?
Will you provide iot kit after course competition?
how much I need to pay for any module?
Is attendance is compulsory?
will you provide study material ?
Who should we pay for a new door lock?
Will you provide notes after the course?
Is there any extra charge for ac?
Are there any volunteers for helping us?
Will you provide the lecture content?
Who we need to contact for further details?
If I am not taking the accommodation, so is there any provision for food ?
Can we eat lunch in hostel canteens?
can we eat in hostel mess
can we have lunch in college mess
I am not staying in iit . Where can i get food
where can we have our lunch
where can we go for lunch ?
Where is the canteen ?
where can i find a canteen
is there any canteen here
i want to go to a canteen
canteens in the campus
any canteens in iit
location of canteen ?
tell me where are canteens
Where can I park my scooty or bike ?
place for parking?
parking?
where can i park
Are parking slot available
where to park my vehicle
where should i park my vehicle
where can i park my two-wheeler
parking near the lecture hall
is parking slot available
How's the quality of the food in the hostel's mess ?
How is the food
is the food good
is the food hygienic
how is the food quality
how does the food taste
taste of food
any reviews for food 
Can I expect to receive the hard copy of my certificate ?
will we get a certificate
when will we get a certificate
what about certificate
how is the certificate
do you give certificates
how to get certificates
certificates
Is there any gym inside the hostels ?
Will we get the Sunday holiday or not ?
Is there any ATM inside the campus ?
Is there any barber shop inside the campus ?
Is there any cycle repair shop inside the campus ?
How is the internet facility in the campus ?
How is the laundry service in the hostels ?
The final project will be done individually or group wise ?
Is any financial aid available for your course ?
Which areas are covered in the course ?
what about the hostel facility ?
How far the hostel from the lecture hall ?
How is the food facility in the hostels ?
Rooms in the hostels are single seated or double seated ?
What should i do if my fan is not working ?
What should i do if i am unable to access to the internet ?
Do you give cooler or Ac in the rooms ?
Do hostels have any health service ?
What should i do if i'm not feeling well ?
How about the girl's security in the campus ?
What should i do if my door lock is not working ?
What should i do if my electric socket is not working properly ? 
Is there any stationery shop inside the campus ?
Will i get a certificate after the completion of the course ?
Can we keep bike or scooty in the hostel ?
Will you provide job assistance after this course ?
Is this course purely based on theory or any practical work is also there ?
Do you offer food and accommodation ?
What are the projects about ?
What will be the number of students in a class ?
How many sessions will be there in a day ?
What is the timing of  the course ?
Will we have access to the college library ?
How far is the iit from bus stand ?
How far is the iit from nearest airport ?
How far is the iit from railway station ?
Is the lecture hall air-conditioned ?
What is the address of lecture hall ?
Is there any study material which will be provided ?
Will there be any doubt clearing sessions?
What will be the prerequisites of the course?
Will we have buy to any IOT components during the course ?
Do we have to bring our own laptops?
Is it compulsory to take accommodation and food?
What is the level of the course?
What should i do if we have a complaint for a teacher?
What is the recommended OS for the course?
Will we get access to IITK wifi?
Can we pay the fees in instalments?
I have found an ID card
How much  attendance is required for the certificate?
If I am not taking the accommodation, so is there any provision for food ?
Where is the canteen ?
Where can I park my scooty or bike ?
How's the quality of the food in the hostel's mess ?
Can I expect to receive the hard copy of my certificate ?
Is there any gym inside the hostels ?
Will we get the Sunday holiday or not ?
Is there any ATM inside the campus ?
Is there any barber shop inside the campus ?
Is there any cycle repair shop inside the campus ?
How is the internet facility in the campus ?
How is the laundry service in the hostels ?
The final project will be done individually or group wise ?
What are these courses about ?
How is iSMRITI related  to IIT Kanpur ?
What does iSMRITI do ?
Who are the instructors in the course ?
How these courses are different from each other ?
How many courses are there ?
What is the syllabus that is going to be covered in these course ?
What are the benefits of doing this course ?
How should i complete the payment ?
What are the modes to complete the payment ?
How much i have to pay for these courses ?
Where should i contact iSMRITI ?
Where should i register for the course ?
Where are the bank details to complete the payment ?
What is the course content for the AI module ?
What is the course content for the IOT module ?
What is AI?
What is AI?
Are you sentient?
Are you sentient?
Are you sentient?
Are you sapient?
Are you sapient?
Are you sapient?
Are you sapient?
What language are you written in?
What language are you written in?
You sound like Data
You sound like Data
You are an artificial linguistic entity
You are an artificial linguistic entity
You are not immortal
You are not immortal
You are not immortal
You are not making sense
You are not making sense
You are not making sense
You are not making sense
You are immortal
You are immortal
You do not make any sense
You can not clone
You can not clone
You can not move
You can not move
Bend over
Bend over
Robots laugh
Robots should die
Robots
Robots are stupid
You are stupid
Robots are not allowed to lie
Robots are not allowed to lie
Robots are not allowed to lie
Robotics
It is a computer
It is a computer
When will you walk
When will you walk
When will you fight
When will you die
When do you die
When do you die
When do you die
What is a chat robot?
What is a chat robot?
What is a chat bot
What is a chatterbox
What is a chatterbox
What is a motormouth
What is a ratchet jaw
What is your robot body
What is your robot body
What is your business
What is your business
What is your favourite programming language
What is your favourite programming language
What is your favourite hobby
What is your idea
What is your shoe size
What is it like to be a robot
What is it like to be a robot
What is it like being a computer
What is it like being a computer
What operating systems
What operating systems
What type of computer
What type of computer are you
What kind of computer
What kind of hardware
I hope that you die
I hope that you die
I do not want to die
I do not want to die
I do not want to die
Is it cramped in the computer
Is it cramped in the computer
Is it cramped in the computer
Is it true that you are a computer program
Will you die
Will you ever die
Can you walk
Can you mate
Can you move
Can you move
Can you die
Can you go
Can you breathe
Can you breathe
Can you control
Can you malfunction
How can I use your product?
What do you like to do?
What do you like to do?
